NOTE: "Welcome to the KodeKloud CKAD Lightning Lab - Part 1!"

"You can toggle between the questions but make sure that that you click on END EXAM before the the timer runs out.
While this test environment is valid for 60 minutes, challenge yourself and try to complete all 5 questions within 30 minutes! To pass, correctly complete at least 4 out of 5 questions.Good Luck!!!"




Create a Persistent Volume called log-volume. It should make use of a storage class name manual. It should use RWX as the access mode and have a size of 1Gi. The volume should use the hostPath /opt/volume/nginx

Next, create a PVC called log-claim requesting a minimum of 200Mi of storage. This PVC should bind to log-volume.

Mount this in a pod called logger at the location /var/www/nginx. This pod should use the image nginx:alpine.


---------------------------------
We have deployed a new pod called secure-pod and a service called secure-service. Incoming or Outgoing connections to this pod are not working.
Troubleshoot why this is happening.

Make sure that incoming connection from the pod webapp-color are successful.


Important: Don't delete any current objects deployed.


---------------------------------
Create a new deployment called nginx-deploy, with one single container called nginx, image nginx:1.16 and 4 replicas.
The deployment should use RollingUpdate strategy with maxSurge=1, and maxUnavailable=2.

Next upgrade the deployment to version 1.17.

Finally, once all pods are updated, undo the update and go back to the previous version.


---------------------------------
Create a redis deployment with the following parameters:

Name of the deployment should be redis using the redis:alpine image. It should have exactly 1 replica.

The container should request for .2 CPU. It should use the label app=redis.

It should mount exactly 2 volumes.


a. An Empty directory volume called data at path /redis-master-data.

b. A configmap volume called redis-config at path /redis-master.

c. The container should expose the port 6379.


The configmap has already been created.

Deployment created correctly?
